Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Still feeling dizzy?
Not really.
We're almost there.
Ready.
How long have we lived here?
Going on ten years.
C'mon, honey, your
room's this way.
Let's get some light in here.
It's so clean.
Are you hungry?
Actually just kinda tired.
yeah of course.
We can do all this later, okay?
That's exactly
the wrong thing to do.
And your suggestion?
My suggestion?
We keep her GPA up,
we get her used to doing
the things she's used to do,
and we get her back to normal.
She don't want them
hearing through someone else!
And risk losing
the scholarship?
That would be a disaster.
The disaster already happened.
This gets her in front of it.
Are you gonna pay the
tuition once she loses it?
That's not fair.
Hey.
Hi.
Thanks for
bringing the food.
Of course.
So, how long have you
two been divorced?
- About four...
- Four years.
Honey, we have a lot of
time to go over all this.
It's been a week since
the accident.
I know you're overwhelmed.
There's a lot to process.
It's okay, I was just asking.
We're here for you.
We love you.
Was that Ethan?
Yeah. He brought your phone.
He doesn't seem my type.
There are about a hundred
girls in your school who would
be thrilled to hear
you say that.
This is toast, honey.
Won't even turn on.
What do you say we go get
you a new phone?
That's your school...
Look straight head of me,
please,
You still have the ringing?
Yeah, sometimes.
Well, physically,
you're doing great.
That being said, I'm sure
the memory loss
has to be very
disconcerting for you.
When will it come back?
Wish I could tell you
with certainty
how long we're looking at
and to what what extent it
will come back.
So when you say 'to
what extent'.
I'm not trying to
be an alarmist.
Could this be permanent?
I highly doubt it,
but I can't
completely rule it out.
This mine?
Hm-hmm.
Am I a good driver?
It's debatable.
You remember the code?
Yeah, we literally
just set it up.
Okay.
I'm gonna go for break
right after dinner.
If that's okay.
Not too far, okay?
And wear a helmet.
Maybe I shouldn't.
Then if I get knocked on
my head again,
everything will come back.
Hey, you got visitors.
Lexi and Heather.
You remember me telling
you about them?
- Hi.
- Hey.
They were wondering
if you felt up
to hanging out tomorrow.
Yeah, we have practice
and we thought we'd
go to the lake.
Honey, no pressure.
That might be good, you know?
So, which one of you is Lexi
and which one is Heather?
I'm Lexi.
That's my hoodie you're
wearing by the way.
You took it the last
time we hung out.
Lexi's always
stealing our clothes.
I'm Heather.
Sorry I don't
remember you guys.
It's okay.
Do you wanna come with us?
Yeah, honey.
It'd probably be a good.
So, how's Lexi's and
Heather's experiment going?
You don't really know me,
do you?
Ethan. I saw pictures.
You remember any of this?
Heard you were at the hospital
but they wouldn't
let you see me.
Yeah, yeah you were
really confused, Ali.
I think everyone was
nervous to throw too much
at you at once. That's all.
They said another car
ran a stop sign.
Is everyone okay?
Yeah... yeah they're
good as far as I know.
They're probably relieved,
we're not pressing charges
or suing them or anything.
Could you tell Lexi
and Heather I had to go?
Yeah, yeah, you want me to
give you a ride back home?
Listen, I get it. I get
it if you don't.
Yeah, I kind of
just wanna walk.
It's about two miles
back to your place, Al.
I'll be okay.
Okay.
Ali, you okay?
Hey.
I'm not sure.
Actually I think I got
my directions mixed up
coming from the soccer field.
Where you trying to go?
Do we know each other?
So it is true?
What? What's true?
There's a rumor...
I'm Cameron...
And yeah, we sort of
know each other...
My phone died. Do you
know where I live?
Yeah, you're kind of heading
in the wrong direction.
Oh.
Come on, I'll show you.
So um... what's it like?
If you don't mind
talking about it.
Well you can clearly
walk and talk
so you've got that
going for you.
Yeah. And I can also
chew gum at the same time.
Amazing, right?
Okay. Okay.. Sense of humor.
Another plus.
We're still trying
to figure out
what I know and don't know.
But I can add, subtract,
do calculus,
tie my shoes... and
execute pretty
much any normal task
with efficiency and even style.
Nice.
I seem to know a lot of things
but I'm extremely limited in
the knowledge of one thing.
But that one thing is sort
of the main thing, isn't it?
Yeah. Hmm hm. Me.
So, you in a band?
No. Just practicing. I
do my own stuff.
You know I read about these
Buddhist monks who believe
in a sort of dynamic emptiness.
No past. No future. Only now.
They'd probably love
to have what you have.
They can have it.
Hey, Ali, are you okay?
We talked to Ethan and he
said you just walked away.
Yeah, come on. We'll
take you home, okay.
Thanks for helping.
You really
should have waited for us.
And that kid
you were with,
Cameron Reed, he's not someone
you should be talking to.
He seemed nice to me.
Just let us
help you get back to normal.
We don't want you snapping
out of this and then realize
you've damaged your rep
beyond repair.
Cameron's sort of a loner.
He got arrested over
the summer...
Well that's a rumor.
He's doing court
ordered community
service at the park
because he got
caught tagging at the Grove...
Again, a rumor.
Yeah, but climbing
the towers at the Grove
is kind of announcing you
have some insanity streak.
He's trouble, Ali.
Next thing you know,
you'll be bumping
shoulders in the back
of a cop car.
Just let us take care of you,
Ali.
And please don't tell
your mom we got separated.
She hears that, she definitely
will not let us tutor you.
Yeah.
How'd it go?
Ethan was there.
And?
I don't know.
When I asked him about the
other people in the accident,
he said they're probably
happy we're not suing them.
Thought that was an odd
thing to say.
Yeah, well, he's right.
And he's nice.
And the two of you were
always happy together.
I guess.
Honey, I'm glad you're
making an effort.
You have really great friends...
and they just want
what's best for you.
So you like my friends?
Yeah, of course.
Why would you?
Nothing...
- No? What?
- Nothing.
This came in the mail.
I think it's your
Letter of Intent.
It's due the second
week of November.
Don't they know what happened?
Yeah.
They know that you had a
minor head injury
and it's kept you out of school.
That's it?
Honey, scholarships to elite
schools are very fragile.
Just like the human brain,
huh?
You don't think we should
tell them the whole story?
I think we should give
it a few more weeks.
State has an excellent
pre-law track.
And that's something
you're quite interested in.
So, what's with this?
You brought it home one day.
And I never said why?
Did I want to learn how to play?
Or...
Never said anything to me.
I just thought you liked the
way it looked in your room.
Good morning.
Morning.
Lexi and Heather will be here
after their morning classes.
So, make sure you're
caught up on your reading
and started the worksheets,
okay?
Okay.
And um, if you need anything
or you're not feeling well,
hey, call me. Okay?
Okay. Um, hey, do you mind
if I rearrange my bedroom?
It's okay. Just um...
school work first,
then decorating. Okay.
And I was thinking, maybe you
could uh, mix in a run later.
Get that body going again.
Hey, I was in the
neighborhood.
Just thought I'd
check in on you.
Hi, I'm Cameron.
We met the other day...
Yeah. I just thought you
were my tutors.
No, I'm in PE and we're
running cross country, so.
Looks like you survived the
ride home the other day.
So, I guess I'll uh...
see you around.
Hey look um, I know this place
isn't kind to those
who are lonely or lost.
So just... track me down
if you get feeling like that...
Okay, we've got AP Calc.
AP Chemistry and AP Lit...
And... don't forget.
AP Russian.
First lesson, how to make
kick-ass screwdrivers.
That's a horrible idea.
Since when?
Have you had that in
your bag all day?
Yeah. I've got a whole new way
to reintroduce you to yourself,
Al.
Of course you have.
You love this drink. We
have so many crazy stories
of you and this drink.
Did we actually
take AP Russian?
No, honey.
Alright, ladies.
To unlocking Ali's brain.
If you're uncomfortable
you really don't have to.
It's a de-stress device.
Woo. Come on. Loosen up
so we can get to work.
There we go.
This picture's from
Spring Break.
Last year.
That was crazy.
The hotel was so bad.
Heather found it on Yelp.
Three stars.
I told her we shouldn't
go, but she insisted on it.
I did.
Okay, so... Tell me the
backstory of that picture...
That is so cute...
Oh my gosh. I remember
doing your hair for that.
That's actually my shirt.
Okay, that was good. Yeah.
I got it.
I was good at this?
Yeah. Come on.
Let's go again.
Okay.
Did I ever talk about
writing with you guys?
What?
Like... Poetry?
Why? Do you
have an urge to drop
some rhymes or something?
What about guitar?
You bought
it as a joke.
There was an estate
sale over on Ambassador
last summer and you
really wanted to go in.
So, what was the joke?
I don't really remember.
But I think it was about
you take lessons.
You had so much on your plate,
you barely had time to breathe.
Yeah, Student Council.
National Honor Society.
Soccer... track...
Mock trials... Tutoring.
The list goes on and on
for Ali Spencer.
He's here.
What's going on?
Field trip.
Sit upfront.
What's up ladies?
He'll be extra careful, right?
Yeah, I promise, Al.
Come on in.
Yeah, this is my parents pre-
graduation, graduation gift.
For real?
Yeah, I got custom
plates on order too.
Let me guess, "E
-Man"?
No Lexi, not E
-Man.
I was thinking
- It's Lit.
But I spell it all one
word, I-T-S-L-I-T...
Clever.
That's really beautiful.
I don't know. I could have
went with "ETHAN" or E-Man
but I just want to be
incognito some times.
I'm not really an expert but,
I think that's probably as
incognito as a train wreck.
Shut up. It's gonna be sick,
okay.
Where are we going?
Heather, you didn't tell her?
If we told her, it might
mess up the impact.
Seriously?
Okay, Ali, so I
read that people
with memory issues a lot
of the times visit places
from their pasts to try
to reconnect with things.
Okay, so what does that mean?
Ali, we're going to
the crash site.
We landed right there.
Next to that fire hydrant
we took out that
whole section of corn.
Heather, you really
should have told her.
She'll be fine, okay.
I don't know guys.
Hey, Ali.
I'm sorry... this was
a shitty idea.
Come on. Let's go back.
Can I see the car?
I can't believe
you climbed out
of there with barely a scratch.
Well... kind of...
You'll be back soon, Ali.
I wasn't sure the right
time to do this.
You don't remember but, you
used to love wearing this.
I got it for our
anniversary last year.
Wow.
Yeah the chain broke
during the accident.
But one of the EMTs found
it on the floor
and gave it back to me
so I had a jeweler give
it a resetting.
Thank you.
May I?
Yeah.
Do you remember it?
The accident?
Every bit.
It all happened so fast but
when I look back on it now,
it's like slow motion.
The car came out of nowhere.
I swerved to try to avoid it
but we ended up in the field.
The airbags exploded and hit
you in the head pretty hard.
You blacked out.
We finally got you awake
you were really confused.
It was a freak thing, Al.
Look, I'm a little off
my game today.
I don't know the first
thing to say to you.
Or anything for that matter.
I'm sorry, Al.
No. Don't be.
I don't think there's a playbook
on how to connect with your
girlfriend who has amnesia.
It's just...
I don't know, something just
doesn't feel right about us.
No?
I mean a lot of things
since the accident
haven't felt right.
How so?
Did you know I wrote poetry?
No.
Yeah, I found a journal
hidden under my mattress.
Serious?
Why couldn't I trust you
with something like that?
Guys, it's
freezing, can we go?
Dad.
What's up?
There was a great
song on the radio.
So great it put you to sleep?
Landslide.
- That is a great song.
- Yeah.
You work another double?
I used to do them
standing on my head.
Doubles feel more
like triples now.
You just getting back
from school?
Uh, no. Put in some
time at the park.
Thought you wrapped that up.
Almost. Got a few
more hours left.
Hey...
Oh, hey.
You uh... Need directions?
I'm good, actually.
You work here?
Uh... Community
Service Learning.
Actually, it's my last day.
So, riding a bike.
Your tutors seem to be
doing effective work.
My tutors have tried
to bring my memory back
through various methods,
there's soccer, vodka,
bringing me to the scene
of the accident
and showing me the wrecked car.
How's that working out?
Vodka gives me a headache.
Soccer makes me feel
like a complete klutz.
And the car lets me know
I'm lucky to be alive.
Yeah, I'll bet.
What you said yesterday,
about feeling lost?
Why did you say that to me?
Just... Um. I've been there.
And sometimes it feels
like it isn't allowed.
Like being lost is a sign
of weakness or something
which sucks 'cause
it's not true.
And look, I cannot even
begin to imagine
what you're going through
or how you must be
feeling right now.
Yeah, I'm just trying
to find myself, who I was
and who I am, I guess.
Anything you've uh discovered
that's really surprised you?
Yeah.
A notebook that I
write poetry in.
What kind of poems?
I don't know. Just... poems...
Teenage stuff, I guess.
My friends don't seem to
know that I write poetry.
Have you shown anybody?
No.
Well, what are you
waiting for?
I guess I haven't
really thought about it.
And yet, here we are...
You know, Lexi and
Heather told me
to be careful around you.
Oh, you were talking about me.
And they said it's not a
good idea if we hang out?
Maybe you should listen to them.
Hey, wait.
They told me that you
would be here doing
Community Service so I...
I um... Do you really wanna see?
The better question is,
is it even worth the
effort because there
could be tons "I" s dotted with
hearts and like unnecessary
exclamation points and
unicorn stickers.
There are a few hearts,
but no unicorn stickers.
Not yet anyway.
I found this one poem
on a page with a ticket
to the Art Museum.
So I went there and found
this gorgeous painting
with the same name.
- Over Blue?
- Yeah.
It must have meant
something to me.
Ali, you know what this is?
It's a treasure map.
I don't understand.
It's full of clues that may
lead you back to yourself,
to parts of you hidden
from the world that
need to be rediscovered.
I mean you what we need
to do now, right?
We have to decipher this thing.
No, no we don't.
C'mon, you cannot
put something
like this in front of me
and then just leave me hanging.
That's not why I showed you.
Then why did you?
Look, I meant what I said,
okay, if you want some help
navigating... any of this...
What if I don't
like who I find
when I get to the other side?
Then I'd say you'd be
pretty normal.
I cannot believe I
was ever good at this.
It'll come back.
Don't think so much.
Clear your mind,
your muscles know what to do.
That's my girl.
Now we just need to
straighten it out.
Alright.
Twenty more of those
and I may actually be
near the hole.
Don't sweat it.
Hey.
Hey. Did I catch you in
the middle of something?
AP Lit.
Ahh... The Slaughterhouse.
How's that going?
It's hard to say,
just started it.
Hey there's something
in your poetry book.
I didn't think about
it until this morning.
The page with the dried flower.
Emily's Rock or Emily's
Stone' or Emily's something.
Do you know...
Do you remember that?
Yeah.
I think I know what it is.
Can I swing by and pick you up?
I don't know, I've got
study group in a little bit.
I promise to have you back
in time for soccer and shots.
Cameron! Come on.
Just tell me!
I think this really
should be experienced.
Come on. I already
pawned one of my guitars
to get a new tire for my bike.
Okay.
Oh, when you said bike ride
I thought you meant a bike. -
- I brought you a helmet.
I'm not going on that thing.
It looks bad but it's
perfectly safe, I promise.
It's my dad's.
We're fixing it up.
Haven't gotten very far
but it's sturdy.
And I'm a very
responsible driver.
I'm sure you are. But uh...
You know, I read a
quote recently,
once you become fearless,
you become limitless.
Not funny.
We'll take it slow.
You get uncomfortable,
we'll stop.
What do you say?
I think it's over this way.
Yeah... Here it is.
She went to Mendon, which
is a school across town.
And then to B.E. on a
soccer scholarship.
Our schools are big rivals
so I'm thinking you guys
played against each
other a few times.
Oh my god... I knew her?
How'd she die.
OD. Pretty big deal
around here.
I'll go wait by the bike.
Cameron, wait.
I can only hear myself breathe
as I stare at the stone.
I'm trying to see her
face trying to find her,
but she is gone.
Swept away by the winds
of perfection...
Around her... a lonely
patch of bright white
filled with tiny blooms,
trembling under a
windy onslaught.
I tremble too...
as I bend and sometimes break.
But those blooms whitened
with lost innocence,
remind me that I am free.
I am very much alive.
And life is still
awaiting me to live it.
I'm not sure I was very happy.
Well you're still here.
And life is still
waiting for you...
You have been
engrossed up there,
I was calling.
Emily Harris.
Oh...
How well did I know her?
Not well. She was a
couple years older.
You met at soccer camp
when you were a freshman.
Seemed like she had a
pretty perfect life...
Yeah, it was a shock.
It was very sad.
Do I like soccer?
Of course you do.
Ever since you were little,
it lit some internal
fire in you.
Your drive and your focus...
I just don't feel
connected to it,
and shouldn't I? Shouldn't
it be part of my DNA
or my muscle memory
or something?
It'll come back, honey.
This is just stressful.
You know what isn't stressful?
Is your favorite double
chocolate brownies
since you were like
two years old.
Good, right?
Hmm hm.
Thought you had work.
Needed to get out of
there for a few minutes.
Rough night?
It's Friday. And a full moon.
I saw that you put a
tire on the bike.
Got it at the scrap yard.
Got a new rim too.
Still won't pass inspection.
The brake pads gotta be thin.
Yeah, I was thinking maybe
we could work on it together.
Also thought maybe we
could paint the house.
What do you thing about that?
Hours are crazy right now.
Cam, it's not a good time
for a tantrum.
Nothing's gonna get better
if we don't put some
effort into it.
The town abandoned this
in the seventies
and ever since it's become
like a rite of passage
for any knucklehead looking
to leave their mark somewhere.
Did you leave your mark here?
Do I look like a
knucklehead to you?
What do you think?
I don't know. The sign
says no trespassing.
Your poem is about
facing your fears.
I think this is symbolic
of all the things
you're afraid of...
Cameron, you just finished
your community service.
If we get caught...
I did, but this is
something that
was clearly tormenting you.
And I have an obligation to
assist you on your quest.
I don't think we should.
I think you really want to.
Out of my way knucklehead.
What is it you're afraid of?
Afraid of falling?
Flying into the unknown.
Afraid that if I show
my whole self,
the world will turn
its back on me.
Be careful.
That once I am open, I
may be left standing alone.
Like I am now.
Resisting all risk, even
as it rumbles,
even as something hits my
heart with ferocious might,
like a war between what is
and what could be.
And my fear that I may
never be free.
This is The Grove...
Come on.
No way.
I think you should...
I'm pretty sure I was
not an artist.
These walls are
for everyone...
You made the trek, now
leave your mark.
I've never lived outside
the confines of my mind.
And I suppose I still don't.
It's like the world
is a picture.
And the only way for
me to be in it,
is looking at it from afar.
So until that picture
becomes my reality,
and not just this constructed
image now imprinted
in my memory, I will stay
on the outside looking in.
So, my prince, wherever
you are, hold me close.
And whisper in my ear your
fear of letting me go.
I wanna see the world.
And when I do, will you
come with me?
So, my prince, all I want
are, simple little things.
All things sweet.
All things love...
And in return,
I will love you.
All the way.
Crisp air and chilled bones.
Light laughter crunches
through the autumn leaves.
New desires are beginning
to take ahold of me
as I see them wisp through
every skeleton in the patch
They stand there bare
to all of us.
and when I look into
their funny faces,
I wanna be bare too...
I want to be stripped
of this old skin
and slip into one that
feels most like me.
Baring my soul to the world.
Does she ever really see me?
Or does she only see
what she wants to see.
Her eyes always keen on
what could be for me.
But my vision lies elsewhere.
My eyes veer off into
countless other directions.
How could I just ignore all
these melodies soft and subtle
as they ring a beckoning
call into my curious ears.
And into my earning heart.
I can hear music in the making.
I can feel life in the making.
Okay... Go?
Yeah.
So my prince,
wherever you are,
please come with me.
I won't ask for much, I promise.
All I want are simple
little things.
All things sweet... all
things love...
and in return... I will
love you all the way.
Nice. Okay, try it
with the thumb.
No, F-sharp... that's the G.
Yeah, right there.
Yeah see... that sounds better,
right?
Try the lick I showed you.
Uh...
There it is.
Nice.
So, can I ask you something?
Sure.
But you have to be honest.
Well that might take
the fun out of the answer.
Seriously honest.
Got it.
Was I nice?
How would you define
"seriously honest" actually?
Look... I'm sure if you
polled the student body,
the majority would say
you were nice.
People like you. They
like being around you.
You have this sort of momentum,
this energy, like you're
gonna lead the charge
and rip through a banner
and lead the team
onto the next playing
field or something.
But uh... I won't lie,
there'd probably be some
people who said
you're maybe not so nice...
Keep going.
That you have the ability to
look right through people...
even if you're looking right
at them talking to them.
Wasn't always that way but
in the last year or so, yeah.
You know people who have that
power might not understand it,
but for those of us who
it's been used against,
we know it very well.
I uh did this to you?
Does it matter?
Well yeah we were friends,
right?
Last time we talked was
freshman year.
Excuse me.
You're not giving
me much here.
Not much to say
I don't believe you.
Come on. What aren't
you telling me?
Nothing.
Tell me something about us.
There was no us.
Oh no. You thief. You thief.
This is my guitar.
Ali.
What the hell's going on here,
Reed?
Like what are you
even doing here?
What are you guys
Looking for you, you're not
returning any of our messages.
Look, Ali, if you wanted
to break up with me,
you could have just said
it to my face.
Ethan, please.
Dude, you really should chill.
And you should really
leave her alone,
not get her involved
in your shit.
My shit?
Oh, you wanna say something,
dickhead?
Seriously, dude?
Alright guys, stop it.
Ali, I don't get this.
Ethan, get out.
Guys get out!
Get out of here.
Ethan.
Ali, hey, we were
just worried about you.
You totally ghosted us, okay?
What's with you?
I'm just... I just need
some time, you guys.
With Cameron?
Heather.
No. Okay, you can't do
that to Ethan.
That sucks, Ali.
Whoa.
I'm sorry.
Alright, just... I just
wanna be alone.
Maybe you should talk
to Ethan first.
I don't know what you
want me to say, Heather.
You don't have to say
anything right now. It can wait.
Lex I think she should...
It can wait.
We'll call you later.
Hey, Ali, it's Cameron.
Um. Look, I'm sorry
about earlier,
that wasn't cool.
I shouldn't of engaged
with Ethan at all
and um... I'm sure that was
really stressful for you.
Hope you're okay.
Yeah, give me a call. Okay?
What's going on with
you Cameron Reed?
What?
What's going on with
Cameron Reed?
Nothing. We're friends.
Have you been riding on
his motorcycle?
Who told you that?
Have you been?
Ali, you cannot do that!
You will not do that!
Oh okay, so now
you're telling me
what I can and can't do?
Uh... yes. Last time I
checked I was your mother.
Feel free to step in
here any time now.
Let's just all take
a breath here.
Honey, sounds like Cameron
has his own issues.
Oh. Okay well maybe one
day I'll find some friends
without issues.
'Cause Lexi, Heather, Ethan,
they're perfect, right?
This sounds a
little different.
Honey, maybe he's not the best
support system for
you right now.
You're amazing.
Look, we know you're
going through
something difficult right now
but maybe leaning on
Cameron isn't the best way.
No. No. No. Nobody knows
what I'm going through.
Not you, not the doctors,
not the specialists.
Okay, nobody has an idea
what I should do.
And now you guys magically
know what I shouldn't do?
We want you safe,
honey. We want you happy.
It's a little too
late for that.
Okay. Terry Hughes called,
from State.
She wants to know when
you're gonna sign.
I don't think I should.
We have to consider
unintended consequences here.
You'd basically lose
everything you've been
working towards for
seventeen years.
You do realize that I may
never be that person again.
Okay, I may never be that "Ali"
again.
How about giving that Ali
just a little more time.
She really is a
wonderful person, you know.
I'm sure she was great.
Look, Ali, the truth is,
things have been tight lately.
And if you want what
State has to offer
you're gonna need
that scholarship.
Honestly, I don't
know what I want.
Do you wanna start
from scratch?
Get a new passion, maybe
get good enough at it
to set you apart...
Stop.
Try a new college, get
another scholarship maybe?
Or maybe you want to
try community college.
Honestly, we did not
raise you to be this way.
You happy now?
Thank you very much
for the support.
Hey... You found me. You good?
I've got to take a break, Cam.
I'm kind of over all
of this mystery stuff.
I thought you were excited
about what you're finding.
About the you no one
knew existed.
I don't know if she's real.
She's real. She's just
kind of afraid.
And why wouldn't she be?
I don't know, I have to get
back on track with college.
And et back on track
with finding Ali.
I thought that's what
we were doing.
You know what I mean.
That was
much better guys.
It's very important
to keep working
our angles on the ball...
okay...
Pass and move.
Let's go again.
Cold?
Oh, you don't have to.
Yeah, but I'm gonna.
Thanks.
I'm really glad you
came out tonight.
Yeah, me too.
It sucks not
having you around.
My mom misses you.
Really?
Oh yeah.
Look, I've been thinking about
what you said the last
time we were here.
About us not making sense.
Look, a lot of things
have been coming at me...
I know... hang on a second.
I really wanna tell you this.
I don't know if... I don't know
if I appreciated you enough.
Well, I know I didn't.
And now with everything
that's been happening.
We're at this weird ground zero.
I wonder if we have a chance.
I mean I know you, I
know our history.
But you don't know me.
Is that even fair?
Can there be this... this
different version of us.
You know that gets to
what we had?
You mean, a different
version of me.
How was it? Were we happy?
Yeah. I mean we
had our moments
but, yeah, we were happy.
We had the whole wide world, Al.
Just want to get back
there with you.
That sounds really nice.
Yeah?
Okay?
Yeah.
What's wrong?
It's just... I just
don't feel like it.
Yeah. Yeah, okay...
I'm gonna get going.
Come on, why? We were
having a good time, Al.
Look, I understand if
you want to break up.
It's not fair to you to
have to sit around
and wait for whatever we
had to come back;
it might not.
Al, I'm gonna wait as
long as I have to.
Maybe you shouldn't.
No.
What do you mean, no?
I mean... I mean... no.
It's not happening.
Ali, we're not breaking up.
Come on.
Ali?
Those who used to love me
Don't love me anymore.
And those who
rooted for for me
They've left and
close the door
Is it who I became
or did I lose sight
of who I was
Either way I lost it all
And don't know who to trust
Hey... welcome back.
Hey.
It's good to see you.
Ali, right?
Yeah.
You're just in time.
Potluck Saturday. Grab a plate.
Is everything okay, honey?
Yeah. Yeah, thank you.
How's the poetry going?
Oh. Um. It's...
We have open mic next
week if you're up to it.
I'd love to hear what
you've been working on.
Yeah, maybe...
Well fill up and I'll
stop by in a bit.
Hey, everyone. I'm so excited
that you came here tonight.
It means a lot to me to
see everyone here.
I'm far from the first
person to tell you
that growing up is hard.
The friendships, the pressure
to be perfect, anxiety,
feeling like you're
not good enough
and having to keep up
grades and extracurriculars
and make a million
different choices about
the rest of your life.
It's heavy stuff.
The pressure is daunting.
But we're here to help you
carry some of that burden.
And you're not in this alone.
Ali Spencer.
You there?
Yeah.
Everything okay?
Everything is not okay.
It is so not okay.
What happened?
Ali?
Cam I don't know who I am.
Ali, where are you?
I don't understand why.
I'm not who everybody
wants me to be.
I'm not who my mom
I'm not who my dad...
I'm sorry.
Ali, tell me where you are.
Ali!
Shit.
You really like testing fate,
huh?
What happened?
I feel like the walls
are closing in on me.
I've felt that.
I've been there.
Sometimes I'm still there.
How do you make it stop?
Wish I had the answer.
My mind gets very crowded.
And there are things
that I can't get past.
Things my dad can't get past.
But... here I am...
still going.
My mom died a few years ago.
Cancer. And um... I
don't know...
It was pretty brutal
up until the end there.
And uh... my dad and I
have been sort of out of
it ever since.
So, I know. I get it.
There are things that are
really hard to get past.
But, Ali, you just do.
Just one foot in front
of the other.
I got a lot of free
space up here, Cameron.
If those memories ever
get too heavy,
I'm happy to help you carry 'em.
Hey, what are you
doing up here?
No registration. No insurance.
Three years un-inspected.
Really?
Congratulations, your
bike's going to the pound.
Ali, what is this?
Is it Cameron?
No it's not. Okay, it's me.
No... this is not you.
Climbing into The Grove,
criminal mischief,
do you have any idea how
close you came
to getting charged
with something?
That would have certainly taken
any scholarship off the table.
Oh maybe that's plan?
I have no idea who you
are right now,
Ali would never do this.
I'm so sick of you talking
about this flawless version
of who you think I used to be.
Okay, that person's gone.
Not to me she's not.
Well then you're delusional.
Your father doesn't
think we should
let you come and go right
now by yourself.
Until we can trust you
with your own safety.
That's not gonna fix it.
Allison! Keys!
Thought we had a deal.
You weren't gonna give
me any more trouble.
Clearly I'm looking for
your attention.
Well, you've got it now.
Little bit late, Dad.
Hey... wait up.
You know, I've forgotten
what your smile looks like.
And you know it
sucks losing mom.
But it kills me to see
you wasting away inside.
Cam!
Cameron!
Ali, you awake?
Yeah.
Can I come in?
Sure.
Did she make you come over?
Wasn't her idea.
The Grove, huh?
I'm sorry.
You know, I
remember bringing you
home from the hospital
when you were a baby.
You fit in the crook of my arm.
We were terrified your
mother and I.
Always so worried we were
going to hug you too tightly
or drop you or...
when you slept,
we would sit beside your crib
for hours just listening
to you breathe.
Honey to see you know
with no genuine knowledge
of the love you come from...
it hurts to tell you the truth.
But that's not your problem,
you've got enough to
worry about.
What we worry about is
that at least
you're going to be okay.
What if I'm not though?
Like what if this is as
good as it's gonna get.
Sweetheart, you happy is
the only thing we care about.
If you really mean that, then
there's something I'd
like to show you.
I was having doubts
before the accident.
About a lot of things
and... I don't think I felt
I could talk to you guys
about it 'cause I was afraid
that I'd disappoint you or...
I don't know.
But... I'm hoping that maybe
we could figure it out together.
Yeah.
You bet.
Hey, she doesn't know
who she is asshole,
don't you get that?
- Back off, dude.
- Ethan!
Knock it off.
The Grove, Cam?
Told you to leave her
out of your shit!
Ethan!
Stop. Get inside.
Ethan, stay right there.
Hey. Cam. Are you okay?
Cameron, you okay?
Yeah.
No, stay down.
I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine.
Cam, you're bleeding.
Pretty sure you're not the
tutor they're sending over.
If I am, you're in trouble.
More trouble.
Heard you got suspended.
Yeah, it was stupid, Ali.
Yeah.
Look, Ethan, this has to stop.
Okay, it's over.
And I feel like it has been,
for awhile.
Hasn't it?
Yeah.
The accident.
We were arguing in the car.
You were saying you
needed to make changes.
You were breaking up with me.
I was driving really fast.
Proving all your points.
I don't know, if I had it
together, maybe I'd have
seen the car coming sooner.
Avoided it.
Avoided all this.
I'm sorry that I hurt you, Ali.
I'm sorry that I'm the
reason your old life is gone.
Hey, it's not all on you,
okay?
I played a part too.
But... maybe it's for the best.
Yeah.
Thought your parents
had you on lock-down.
Snuck out.
You're heading down a
dark path, Ali Spencer.
I'm sorry you're back here.
Actually, it's okay.
I'm seriously
thinking about a career with
the Town Parks Department.
- Oh yeah?
- Hm. Hmm.
Yeah, nice try.
I feel horrible about Ethan.
Well, maybe I had it coming.
No, no way.
That was all him.
Still... we should chill.
At least until you get it
all figured out.
Come on, we don't have
to let things get awkward
between us.
Did you get your bike back?
Nah.
Look, I really gotta
get back to this.
Okay. I'll see you around?
Definitely.
I'm sure it wasn't
easy to talk
about certain things with
you or with anyone really.
No, I get it.
I know you guys are
really important to me.
And I truly appreciate you.
I just think it's gonna
take some time
to get to where I need to be,
you know?
So I'm sorry if I seem a
little distant.
Or if I try some shit that
seems a little out there.
So what's the deal
with Cameron?
He just seems to get me.
I know this sounds stupid
but we just kind of connect.
You know?
That's not stupid.
That's nice, I'm glad
you have that.
I just... I really want
you to be happy.
I know. I see it.
Thanks for showing me
this. It means a lot.
How much did they hit you
up to get it out of impound?
Every cent I had.
Probably more than it's worth.
Yeah, maybe.
How bad is it?
Won't pass inspection.
Do you have any idea
what you're doing?
Yeah, I saw a video.
What are you trying to do?
Trying to take the tire off
so I can switch the brakes.
Okay, let me uh... show
you a trick my dad taught me.
Go ahead, take the
brake assembly off.
Okay.
Yeah, now we're
cooking with gas.
Okay.
See here, you take this.
Small steps.
Small. Small.
Small steps...
And with each passing day
she becomes more victorious.
So many small steps
yet to be taken.
But every day is new.
Every day is possible.
And one day she will
rise... like the sun...
beautiful... different...
Fully alive.
License and
registration please.
Just passed inspection.
She's completely legal.
Congratulations.
So, I heard you're
coming back.
Next week.
So back on track with
the scholarship?
Actually, all that's on hold,
for now.
Well, I'll let you to it.
Hang on.
I'm just want you to
know that I'm done
hoping my memory comes back.
Trying to solve the
mystery of who I was.
I'm just creating my
own memories now,
and whatever happens
happens with the old ones.
But I'm gonna create a
pretty big memory on Saturday
and I'd really like
you to be there for it.
Okay.
I'll text you the details.
I think you'll like it.
I hope you will.
Cam, I meant what I said.
If you ever need someone to
help you un-crowd that brain,
I'm here...
Cool.
I'm Ali Spencer, so
they told me.
Uh... a while ago I got into
a pretty bad car accident
and my long term memory is
totally swiped.
It could be temporary but
it could be permanent.
And I still don't know
everything about
who Ali Spencer really
was but I'm not
freaking out about it.
I'm just moving forward
and trying to find
out who I am now.
And so, this is a poem
about all that.
It's about a girl who
lost herself
and maybe she never will
find the person she once was.
But maybe she will find the
one she's suppose to be.
It's called "The Mystery
of My History"
and I'd like to dedicated
it to my friend, Cameron.
It's easy to love the light...
and what can be seen
in plain sight.
It's much harder to
embrace the dark,
no idea if you'll ever
hit your mark.
You claim that the past is known
and the future can't be seen,
but I say history is a mystery
and the future is where
we come clean...
It's easy to love the light...
And what can be...
Dear Future Me... I
know sometimes
you're probably feeling
like things are overwhelming
but I've got great news for you.
Have faith.
Just remember, you are
capable of so much more
than you even realize.
Take the risks you're
afraid of taking,
paint your picture boldly
across the universe.
But most of all, love.
Love exactly who you are,
an amazing future is
awaiting you.
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull